Final Project Idea:
Data Analysis of Facebook Page Meme page.

1.    Create a plaintext document named "final_project_idea.txt"

Sure thing.

2.    In it, describe your idea for a data analysis final project

My idea for a data analysis project is to use the Insights data provided by the Meta business suite for the meme page I co-admin.
When users create pages on Facebook, Meta Business Suite is the interface through which the pages are run. Facebook being Facebook, Meta
compiles a lot of data. I have already found how to export the data (it's in Spanish because my Facebook is in Spanish, but easily 
translated.) Luckily the files from Meta are already .csvs.

Addendum: The .csvs that Meta gave me pull up an error when I try to import them into R Studio. I ended up copy pasting the data into
blank sheets and that seems to work.

3.    Also, Describe the sort of data you will use, potential sources, and what the data might look like

There is a lot of data available here. To simplify things, I will just use the data for 2022, which is when the page was already relatively
successful, but quickly growing. We had a few memes go viral last year, so it should look like there are 2-3 massively disproportionate spikes
in page reach. I'm not exactly sure how reach is calculated. It's something like all the accounts who were potentially exposed to your posts.

The thing I am interested in is comparing how our OC (original content) compares to reshares.
posts. I read somewhere that the shared vs OC ratio on most websites is over 10:1. How much does that ratio really matter?
Our page has a lot of both OC and reshares, so I'm curious which tend to do better and which have contributed more to our page's growth.

OC is important for page reputation (don't want to be "just another reshare page"), but how important is it quantitatively?
Another dimension of analysis could be comparing the success of the three admins using those two categories. Ie. Maybe my OC is the best, but
my friend David is so good at spotting good content for resharing that he's contributed more to the page's reach overall.
The data I can get from Meta also includes demographics, different types of audience engagement, etc. So this project can be modified/expanded
relatively easily.

Addendum: Some of the data is restricted to particular periods of time. I can download it by chunks and put it back together or just use a smaller
timeframe like the last three months of 2022 or some such. I don't want to use the latest data because the page is actively putting out new content
and sometimes we modify recent posts.